live from the observatory a new program that we are trying to
epics what is music here in aragon specifically in this music
local and for it the popular radio dot observatory and vocoder productions
We have cemented creating an environment here in Zaragoza
for that reason we have prepared well there would be popular party and local them
they are heroes of silence then they will follow the duo pruning of blondes
and as a plate you can be at
a group from Madrid
you carry the workshop i + d and maximum quality
We hope you have a good time and after that goal
heroes of silence
the product while they are entering the breath of President Ali Abdullah
saleh friends
they have been installed
The Dungeon
the pact
the hand microphone
hello and elias nandino that sense
the whole scenario all
they are also the world stage
izco you num
to another live popular radio online
zaragoza what happened in vigo
with all of you
this requirement matesanz
min
do not
The EU
this reason
federer
please
finish
one month
p